[Music]
there were 10 in the bed and the little
one R over roll over so they all rolled
over and one fell out
nine there were nine in the bed and the
little one said roll over roll over so
they all rolled over and one fell out
eight
yes there were eight in the bed and the
little one said roll over roll over so
they all rolled over and one fell out
seven there were seven in the bed and
the little one said run roll over roll
over so they all rolled over and one
fell out I like
it there were six in the bed and the
little one said roll over roll over so
they all rolled over and one fell out
five there were five in the bed and the
little one said roll over roll over so
they all rolled over and fell out
four there were four in the bed and the
little one said roll over roll over so
they over and one fell out
[Music]
three there were three in the bed and
the little one said roll over roll over
so the they all rolled over and one fell
out
two there were two in the bed and the
little one said roll over roll over so
they all rolled over and one fell out
oneck in the bed and the little one said
I'm so sleepy yellow ambulance I'm so
sleepy green School
[Music]
Bus blue dump
truck purple police car
[Music]
bye-bye there will some go around
round and round round and round wheels
on bus go and round all through the town
the doors on their bus go open and shut
open and shut open and shut the doors on
the bus go open and shut all through the
town the driver on the bus goes move on
back
move on back move on back dri their go
move on back all through the
[Music]
town
hey woohoo the horn on the bus goes beep
beep beep beep beep beep beep the horn
on the bus goes be beip beep all through
the town there people on their bus go up
and down up and down up and down there
people on their B go up and down all
through the town their wipers on The Bu
go swish swish swish swish swish swish
swish swish swish wiers on their swish
swish swish all through
town
woohoo
yeah the on the bus go blink blink blink
blink blink blink well BL BL BL there s
on go blink blink blink all through the
town says
go sh sh sh
sh mommy
on fall through the
town Daddy on The Bu says I love you I
love you I love you daddy says I love
you all through the
[Music]
town yes
green fire
[Music]
truck blue
Tractor Red dump
[Music]
truck yellow
ambulance purple police
car wheels go
and and round and round wheels on must
go round and round all through the town
yeah the doors on the H go open and shut
open and shut open and shut the doors on
the bus go open and shut
all the town the driver on the bus goes
move on back move on back move on back
the driver on the bus goes move on back
oh all through the
town
[Music]
bye-bye
woohoo there were 10 in the bed and the
little one said roll over roll over so
they all rolled over and one fell out
nine there were nine in the bed and the
little one said roll over roll over so
they all rolled over and one fell out
eight there were eight in the bed and
the little one said roll over roll over
so they all rolled over and one fell out
seven there were seven in the bed and
the little one said roll over roll over
so they all rolled over and one fell out
six there were six in the bed and the
little one said roll over roll over so
they all rolled over and one fell out
five
yeah there were five in the bed and the
little one said roll over roll over so
they all rolled over and one fell out
four there were four in the bed and the
little one said roll over roll over so
they all rolled over and one fell out
three blue
ambulance there were three in the bed
and the little one
said over so they all roll over and one
fell out yellow Dum truck
hey there were two in the bed and the
little r over so they all rolled over
and out red police
car wow there was one in the bed and the
little one said I'm so sleepy I'm so
[Music]
sleepy the former headed Bingo was his
name o b i n o wo i n o b i n
[Music]
there was a former
heading was his name o i
n
i i
[Music]
was a former headed Bingo was his name
wooho
Ang
[Music]
Bing there was a former headed Bing was
his name yes
red
ambulance
name
[Music]
woohoo Bing what's his name oh orange
fire
truck
oh
oh my go
[Music]
blue dump
trucking
[Music]
awesome there was a
for Bingo was his name
purple police
[Music]
car five Humpty Dumpty sat on a wall one
Humpty Dumpty had a great pH olding
horses and olding men couldn't put
Humpty together
again for hump to dump to set on on a
wall one Humpty Dumpty had a great th
all the king's horses and all the king's
men red fire truck hump together
[Music]
again humty Dumpty sat on a rall when
Humpty Dumpty had a great bow old the
king's horses and olding man couldn't
put Humpty together again
yellow
ambulance two hump dump on a wall one
hump dump had a great pH olding horses
and olding men couldn't put Humpty
together
[Music]
again one hump
dump wall but Humpty Dumpty had a great
fings horses and old king's men couldn't
put hty together
[Music]
again Humpty Dumpty sat on a w Humpty
Dumpty had a great
phes
and couldn't putp together
again
2 3
four
[Music]
bye-bye there was a former
heading
name i
o o yellow
I name
[Music]
hey
thehe
headed his name o
i i
[Music]
you there was
a of
his
name Hey
You
[Music]
youing There was a headed Bingo was his
name
[Music]
Bingle
hey was a former headed up Bingo was his
name
[Music]
ohing Yoo
Bing
[Music]
black Bingo m o b i n o o b i n o red i
n
o
[Music]
[Applause]
yellow there will some go around and
round round and round round and round
there will some the bus go round and
round all through the
town the doors on the bus go open and
shut open and shut open and shut the
doors on the bus go open and shut all
through the
town the driver on the bus goes move on
back move on back move on back the
driver on the bus goes move on back all
through the town Green School
[Music]
Bus the horn on the bus goes beep beep
beep beep beep beep beep beep beep the
horn on the bus goes beep beip beep oh
through the town the people on the bus
go up and down up and down up and down
on up and
down blue racing
car the wipers on the bus go swish swish
swish swish swish swish swish swish
swish the wipers on the bus go swish
swish swish all through to the
[Music]
town the wipers on the bus go swish
swish swish swish sshu swish swish swish
the wipers on the bus go swish swish
swish all through the town
[Music]
the signals on the bus go blink blink
blink blink blink blink blink blink
blink there's signals on the bus go
blink blink blink all through the
town
mmy yellow police
car mommy on the buses sh sh sh all
through the town
Daddy
on I love you I love you I love you
Daddy on the says I love you all through
the
[Music]
town purple water tank
one it's so
nice two oh my
gosh there were 10 in the bed and the
little
[Music]
over like
it in the bed and the little said R over
amazing and out eight let's
go there were eight in theed and
the
over over so they all over and one fell
out
seven there were seven in the bed and
the little one said roll over roll over
so they all I
[Music]
like oh my
God
[Music]
out y there were five in the bed and the
little one
said yellow school bus
fell out it's so
nice there were in the and the
little green police
car I like there were three in the bed
and the little one said roll
over over wow they all roll over and one
it's so nice
wow blue dump truck two in the and the
little one said roll y r over it's so
nice all R over and
outy there was one in the bed and the
little one said I'm so sleepy you're so
C racing
car thank you
[Music]
y oh my
gosh I like it the and the bus go round
and round round and round round and
round their wheels in the bus go round
and round all the
town
wow yellow school bus
awesome the duck in the bus goes quack
quack quack qu quack quack quack the
duck the go quack quack quack
oh town thank you so
much
wow all
right be my friend
Ray There by in the bus goes eat the
carrot eat the carrot eat the carrot the
bunny in the bus goes eat the carrot
all red fire
truck oh
[Music]
no in the how are you Toof
dock in the bus
goes the
town oh my
god
wow blue crank
W the cat The Bu go meow meow meow meow
meow meow meow meow
meow meow all through the town
thank
you it's so
nice
hello I'm a
superstar there will sun bus go and
round round and round round and round
the bus go round and all through the
town
y wow garbage truck
okay it's so
nice oh my
gosh
no yes no
problem
Yoo the
bus
and
and and all through the to you're so
cute all right woohoo purple tractor the
in the bus goes quack quack quack quack
quack quack qu quack in the bus goes
quack quack quack
all so nice oh my
gosh all right
right thank you